Alright. One thing that's been bugging me
is I've set up the URL for our REST
controllers here and sometimes you wanna externalize that. But the url value is
actually something pretty static. It's
not gonna be changing that much. But
it's also something that you need to
reference quite a bit. So there's two
ways that we could do this. We could set
it in properties file. I'll show you
we could copy this real quick, and we
could have done a Spring expression
language from a properties and just come
in here and setting that in like for
value some url.value. So we could set
that up in a properties file and
externalize that. But you really don't
need to have that much control over it.
It's not something that you're gonna
be setting at run time. It's something that's
gonna be pretty static, it's that URL
value. So it's not gonna change a lot but
you are gonna be referencing in a lot
of different spots. So we had one typo
error there. So if I did this, the Spring
context would load it out of the
properties file, but if we do this, then
all our tests are gonna change from
real nice way unit tests to
integration tests because we will have
to bring up the Spring Context to go out
and get that. So I chose to come over
here and just create a static final
String for the BASE_URL. Now, I'm
referencing that. And that does have some
advantages here for us, especially coming
over here to our CustomerServiceImpl. Now when I come in here, I
refactor this quite a bit. I have a
common function now, a common method, I
should say, to get the URL. And now, I have
that BASE_URL defined in one spot. Rather
than before, see if I can do a compare
here, so you can see all the changes here.
We had that URL value all over the place
so that that string was repeated
numerous times. So if we ever did change
that, that definitely give us a problem
because that String is defined all over
the place. So this was
something that was bad. It was a code
smell that did not like it, so I
refactored it.
So now, we have a much much cleaner
implementation for that url value.
Its defined in one spot and work it. So
if it ever changes, we only have one spot
to change it in. So, I'm pretty happy with
this and we can see that our tests
are now using that String
value. We're using that base URL out of
there, and obviously, our customer test is
also using it. So now, we have a
single spot that touch URL values to
find it, and so that's like the place of
truth. So I'm pretty happy with this
refactoring. Let's go ahead and I'll show
you that what can run all our tests.
They will still run positively. So you
can see that the tests are passing.
This is a good habit because this was
definitely a code smell that I was
showing you throughout the course on the
REST interfaces. So defining that into a
static final variable, something that's
gonna be defined in one spot
and not gonna change very often. So
it's a good use case for that.